Release 2026.07.0 (#6275)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2026-okta-identity-governance/index.md

<!-- Published on: 2026-07-01T12:00:00Z -->

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
| ------ | ------------------------ |
| [Customize Justification Requirements is GA in Production](#customize-justification-requirements-is-ga-in-production) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Self-review for Okta admin roles is GA in Production](#self-review-for-okta-admin-roles-is-ga-in-production) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Certify service accounts is GA in Preview](#certify-service-accounts-is-ga-in-preview) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Certify AI agent resource connections is EA](#certify-ai-agent-resource-connections-is-ea) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Developer documentation updates in 2026.07.0](#developer-documentation-updates-in-2026-07-0) | July 1, 2026 |

#### Customize Justification Requirements is GA in Production

When you create or edit a campaign, configure [Justification Settings](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-bp-create-campaign) to provide granular control over how campaign reviewers justify their access decisions. This includes requiring the reviewer to provide a reason for revoking or approving access. This helps you better align the reviewer experience with your org's specific compliance needs.

> The [`reviewerSettings.justificationRequirement`](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=reviewersettings/justificationRequirement) campaign API property has been added to support configuring review justification settings. Use this new property instead of `reviewerSettings.justificationRequired` for granular control over review justification settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`reviewerSettings.justificationRequirement`](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=reviewersettings/justificationrequirement) campaign API property has been added to support configuring review justification settings. Use this new property instead of `reviewerSettings.justificationRequired` for granular control over review justification settings.
```

Author: Applied — every other occurrence of this link in the file (Preview/EA stages of the same feature) already uses the lowercase path, so this brings it in line. Thanks!

#### Self-review for Okta admin roles is GA in Production

Allow or block campaign reviewers from approving or revoking their own access to Okta admin roles. While Okta prevents self-reviews in campaigns that govern Okta admin roles by default, this feature gives you the option to allow self-reviews. See [Create campaigns to review admin roles](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-campaign-admin-roles).

As a result, the [`reviewerSettings.selfReviewDisabled`](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=reviewersettings/selfreviewdisabled) and the [reviewerSettings.reviewerLevels[].selfReviewDisabled](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=reviewersettings/reviewerlevels/selfreviewdisabled) properties aren't required to be `true` for campaigns that include the Admin Console as a resource.
<!-- OKTA-1163396 IGA_ACCESS_CERT_ALLOW_SELF_REVIEW_GOFAR, Preview date: May 6, 2026 -->

#### Certify service accounts is GA in Preview

> You can now create resource campaigns to review and certify access for both SaaS application and Okta service accounts. This feature extends your governance strategy to non-human identities, ensuring you maintain visibility and control over critical service account access. See [Okta Privilege Access with Access Certification](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-certify-service-accounts).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now create resource campaigns to review and certify access for both SaaS apps and Okta service accounts. This feature extends your governance strategy to non-human identities, ensuring you maintain visibility and control over critical service account access. See [Okta Privilege Access with Access Certification](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=csh-certify-service-accounts).
```

The following API updates have been made to support service account campaigns:

> * New OKTA_SERVICE_ACCOUNT and APP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT options in the [resourceSettings.type](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance.api/tag/Campaigns/#tag/Campaigns/operation/createCampaign!path=resourceSettings&t=request) property of a campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New OKTA_SERVICE_ACCOUNT and APP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT options in the [resourceSettings.type](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=resourcesettings/type) property of a campaign.
```

Author: Applied — good catch, the old governance.api path 301-redirects to governance-production-reference now, so this also fixes a stale link, not just casing.

> * New [`resourceSettings.includeAllOktaServiceAccounts`](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance.api/tag/Campaigns/#tag/Campaigns/operation/createCampaign!path=resourceSettings/includeAllOktaServiceAccounts&t=request) property for `resourceSettings.type` of `OKTA_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` in a campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New [`resourceSettings.includeAllOktaServiceAccounts`](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=resourcesettings/includealloktaserviceaccounts) property for `resourceSettings.type` of `OKTA_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` in a campaign.
```

Author: Applied, thanks!

> * New [`resourceSettings.targetResources.includeAllAppServiceAccounts`](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance.api/tag/Campaigns/#tag/Campaigns/operation/createCampaign!path=resourceSettings/targetResources/includeAllAppServiceAccounts&t=request) property for `resourceSettings.type` of `APP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` in a campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New [`resourceSettings.targetResources.includeAllAppServiceAccounts`](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=resourcesettings/targetresources/includeallappserviceaccounts) property for `resourceSettings.type` of `APP_SERVICE_ACCOUNT` in a campaign.
```

Author: Applied, thanks! Also caught and fixed the same stale governance.api link on the "List all reviews" bullet a couple lines up while I was in there.

* Reviews can be filtered by service account ID (`appServiceAccountId` or `oktaServiceAccountId`) in [List all reviews](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance.api/tag/Reviews/#tag/Reviews/operation/listReviews).
<!-- OKTA-1047480 IGA_ACCESS_CERT_SERVICE_ACCOUNTS Preview: Dec 10, 2025 -->

#### Certify AI agent resource connections is EA

> After you enable the **Resource Access Certifications for AI Agents** feature, you can review and certify AI agent resource connections using identity campaigns (formerly, `USER` campaign types). This helps you maintain visibility and control as AI agents' access changes over time. See the [Campaigns](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns) API. <!-- OKTA-1199955 IGA_ACCESS_CERT_CERTIFYING_AI_AGENTS_AS_PRINCIPAL -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you enable the **Resource Access Certifications for AI Agents** feature, you can review and certify AI agent resource connections using identity campaigns (formerly, `USER` campaign types). This helps you maintain visibility and control as AI agents' access changes over time. See the [Campaigns](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/campaigns/createcampaign#campaigns/createcampaign/t=request&path=campaigntype) API. <!-- OKTA-1199955 IGA_ACCESS_CERT_CERTIFYING_AI_AGENTS_AS_PRINCIPAL -->
```

Author: Applied, thanks for the deep link!

Okta Identity Governance is available for both Okta Classic Engine and Okta Identity Engine.

## July

### Monthly release 2026.07.0
<!-- Published on: 2026-07-01T12:00:00Z -->

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
| ------ | ------------------------ |
| [Customize Justification Requirements is GA in Production](#customize-justification-requirements-is-ga-in-production) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Self-review for Okta admin roles is GA in Production](#self-review-for-okta-admin-roles-is-ga-in-production) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Certify service accounts is GA in Preview](#certify-service-accounts-is-ga-in-preview) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Certify AI agent resource connections is EA](#certify-ai-agent-resource-connections-is-ea) | July 1, 2026 |
| [Developer documentation updates in 2026.07.0](#developer-documentation-updates-in-2026-07-0) | July 1, 2026 |

> | [Bugs fixed in 2026.07.0](#bugs-fixed-in-2026-07-0)| July 1, 2026 |

Reviewer 3: We acn remove entry for bug fix since there is no entry.
